Updating docs around v3 and v4 (#13443)
helm/helm: CONTRIBUTING.md

[cncf-helm-security@lists.cncf.io](mailto:cncf-helm-security@lists.cncf.io). This will give us a
chance to try to fix the issue before it is exploited in the wild.

## Helm v3 and v4

> Helm v4 is currently under development on the `main` branch. During the development of Helm v4 and for some time after its released, Helm v3 will continue to be supported and developed on the `dev-v3` branch. Helm v3 will continue to get bug fixes and updates for new Kubernetes releases. Helm v4 is where new features and major changes will happen. For features to be backported to Helm v3, an exception will be needed. Bugs should first be fixed on Helm v4 and then backported to Helm v3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm v4 is currently under development on the `main` branch. During the development of Helm v4 and for some time after its released, Helm v3 will continue to be maintained on the `dev-v3` branch. Helm v3 will continue to get bug fixes and updates to support new Kubernetes releases. Helm v4 is where new features and major changes will happen.  An exception will be required for features to be backported to Helm v3. Bugs should first be fixed on Helm v4 and then backported to Helm v3.
```
